GenHTML

 GenHTML is an application that allows you to
 quickly generate HTML documentation from raw
 text files.

 
 Purpose

  Writing documentation can be a tedious and
  slow process, particularly if you're using
  some kind of markup language like HTML.

  The idea is that we can write our documents
  as raw text files with little to no formatting.

  We write regular, readable and presentable raw
  text documentation that we ship with our
  software and then run that through GenHTML
  to translate it to HTML automatically.

  This means we write documentation once, and
  once only - with no editing of the raw text,
  no markup or markdown.


 How it works

  Very simply, GenHTML uses indentation to
  determine what is what in the input files.

  Documentation doesn't require anything too
  fancy, a few simply HTML elements are enough.

  If you want an example - see:

    GenHTML/doc/txt/

  And:

    GenHTML/doc/HTML/

  The text documents in txt/ were used to build
  the documents in the HTML/ directory. You can
  see from the layout of the text documents that
  they're perfectly readable as they are, with
  no additional formatting, just indentation.

  You could, if you wanted to - run those text
  documents through GenHTML and re-build the
  HTML documentation:

    php GenHTML --i GenHTML/txt/index --o doc -m

  The above command will build the raw text
  files in GenHTML/txt/index into a set of HTML
  documents in the directory named "doc".

  If you want a list of available options:

    php GenHTML --help

  Or help with a particular option:

    php GenHTML --help option_name

  For example:

    php GenHTML --help --input-path

  To get help for the --input-path option.

 
 Additional

  GenHTML was written in php for one reason,
  personal use - to save me time.

  It was written in php and this is version 1,
  thus, it's rather...hacky!

  I may re-factor and release another iteration
  or go on to do version 2 in c - but for now it
  is fairly limited and I have some ideas for
  extending and improving the application in the
  future.

  If you want to contribute, make suggestions,
  criticise or report issues you can email me
  at heathenjessie@gmail.com.

   Running GenHTML
   Input file structure
   Templates
   Example
