Running GenHTML

 Since GenHTML is written in php, we need to run
 it with the php interpreter:

   php GenHTML [--option <paramter>] [-switch]

 You can run GenHTML without any parameters, but
 in most cases you will need to supply some
 parameters to customise the build.


 Command line options

  There are two types of option. Options that are
  prefixed with - are switches, they do not require
  a parameter and are used to enable or disable a
  particular feature.

  For example, the -silent switch tells GenHTML to
  suppress standard output:

    php GenHTML -silent

  Options that do require a parameter begin with
  the -- prefix require a paramter, example:

    php GenHTML --output-path output_html

  You can view a list of available options using
  the --help option at the command line:

    php GenHTML --help

  Or to get help on a specific option:

    php GenHTML --help --input-path

  All options, if unspecified at the command line,
  will fall back on default values, described
  below.


 
 Options

  If you dump all options you will see that there
  are long and short versions of each, one more
  readable and one quicker to type, for example:

    --input-path

  And:

    --i

  Do the same thing. Here is a full list of all
  available options:

 Available options and switches:

  Here is a list of all options and switches:

    Long              Short   Description

     --index-path      --i     Specify the index path directory
     --output-path     --o     Specify the output path directory
     --html-path       --h     Specify the HTML template location
     --css-path        --c     Specify the CSS template location
     --language        --l     Specify the HTML language
     --link-depth      --d     Specify the link/section depth
     --help            --H     Get help using GenHTML
     -multi-page       -m      Build a multi-file HTML document
     -silent           -s      Suppress output (except errors)


  Here is a brief descriptions of each:


  --Index-path

   GenHTML requires a single input file, this is
   the main index text file which may contain an
   index of other input files to be included.

   By default, GenHTML will look in the current
   working directory for a file named index, or
   we can specify a particular file using the
   --index-path or shorter --i option:

     php GenHTML --input-path txt/index

   In this case, GenHTML will expect to find the
   main index file in the directory named txt.

   This also changes the current working path,
   if the index includes a list of external
   input files then the paths are relative to
   txt and not the current working directory.


  --output-path

   The --output-path or shorter --o options are
   used to specify an output path, this is where
   the output HTML and CSS files are written.
  
     php GenHTML --output-path docs
    
   Tells GenHTML to write the output files to a
   directory called docs. If the directory does
   not exist it will be created.

   By default, the GenHTML application will write
   to a directory named html if no output path is
   specified at the command line.


  --html-path

   GenHTML uses a set of pre-defined templates
   to build HTML documents. By default, GenHTML
   will use its own set of templates if none are
   specified at the command line. These are found
   in:

     GenHTML/Templates/HTML/

   Or we can specify a custom template set:

     php GenHTML --html-path my_templates

   There are two ways we can supply templates, in
   individual files or a single file format.

   GenHTML will determine this automatically.


  --css-path

   GenHTML requires a CSS file to build the HTML
   pages.

   If no CSS file is specified at the command line
   then GenHTML will use the default file:

     GenHTML/Templates/CSS/main.css

   If you want to use a custom CSS file, you can
   specify it at the command line using either the
   --css-path or --c options:

     php GenHTML --css-path main.css


   The file must be named main.css, or you will
   have to go into the HTML or edit the template
   to make the necessary changes.


  --html-language

   The HTML language is set to en (English) by
   default.

   This is inserted into the document <html> tag.

   If you need to change this, you can use the
   --html-language or shorter --l options:

     php GenHTML --html-language ru

   This assumes that the PAGE_TOP template has
   not been altered or includes the {{PAGE_TOP}}
   directive.


  --link-depth

   The --link-depth and shorter --d options are
   used to specify the detph of the navigation
   lines and sections.

   By default this is set to 3, which means that
   links will be built to a depth of 3. We can
   set it to either 1, 2 or 3:

     php GenHTML --link-depth 1

   In this case, GenHTML will only generate links
   for pages, but not sub-sections within those
   pages.


  --help

   The --help option is used to get information 
   about the available GenHTML command line options.

   If we use the --help or the shorter --H options
   without a parameter, we will get a list of all
   available options and some other information:

     php GenHTML --help

   If we want help using a particular option, we
   must specify that option as a parameter to the
   --help option:

     php GenHTML --help --input-path

   For example, will display information about the
   --input-path or --i options.


  -multi-page

   By default the GenHTML application will create
   a single page HTML document - all of the input
   files will be compiled into a single page and
   the pages and sections linked internally.

   If we want to create a multi-page document, we
   use the -multi-page or shorter -m switches:

     php GenHTML -m

   This means that, for each input file a single
   HTML document will be created, and that each of
   the documents will be linked externally.


  -silent

   By default, GenHTML will dump a lot of data to
   the terminal describing the build.

   This output can be suppressed using either the
   -silent or the shorter -s switches:

     php GenHTML --silent

   This will, of course - not prevent GenHTML from
   displaying error messages should any issues
   occur with the build.

